IA-2693 (#46)
USSBA/terraform-aws-easy-fargate-service: README.md

* `lights_off_schedule_expr` - Expression that will trigger an event to set max/min capacity to zero.  Defaults to `""`. See [Application AutoScaling Schedule](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/application/APIReference/API_ScheduledAction.html#API_ScheduledAction_Contents) for details
* `schedule_timezone` - IANA Timezone in which to base `at` and `cron` schedule expressions.  Defaults to `"UTC"`. See [Time Zone List](https://www.joda.org/joda-time/timezones.html)

##### Shield Advanced Protection

> **NOTE:** This setting does not `enroll` your account into shield advanced and that is a requirement to use this feature! Please due your due dilligence before enabling shield advanced for your account or organization as it costs $3000 / per month

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** This setting does not `enroll` your account into shield advanced and that is a requirement to use this feature! Please do your due diligence before enabling shield advanced for your account or organization as it costs $3000 / per month
```
